c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.deps.json
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\EFCore.Testes.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\SQLitePCLRaw.nativelibrary.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.dynamic_cdecl.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\EFCore.Testes.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvimento\Documents\Cursos Ponto.Sys\DominandoEFCore\M20 - Testes\Curso\test\obj\Debug\net5.0\EFCore.Testes.genruntimeconfig.cache
